fix(docs): switched from v4 to evergreen badge link (#4186)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/design-guidelines/components/label/label.md

<img src="./img/editable-label-group-in-a-table_4_2.png" alt="New custom label added to a label group" width="1200"/>

## Accessibility

> For information regarding accessibility, visit the [labels accessibility](components/label/accessibility) tab.

Reviewer: Just need to add the leading slash back and I think it's set!

```suggestion
For information regarding accessibility, visit the [labels accessibility](/components/label/accessibility) tab.
```

> For information regarding accessibility, visit the [labels accessibility](/components/jump-links/accessibility) tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information regarding accessibility, visit the [labels accessibility](/components/label/accessibility) tab.
```

Author: No worries! All set.
